What is going on here?
This can't be right.
Safety.
Goddammit. Daniel.
Come on.
Boo!
Morning. Dad.
Very funny. sweetheart.
You're back early.
Telescope scared the birds.
Sorry.
Hey. Michelle.
can you take a look at this?
Because this star was marked
as a naked star.
but I think there
might be exoplanets.
Daniel. you know
I'm done with this.
No. I know that you're retired.
but this is really important.
Not more important
than our kids.
I think we need to rethink
this whole holistic
homeschooling curriculum.
I can't do this without you.
Traditional school
isn't an option.
I think it is an option.
because that's what a school
is for. Kids go to that.
No. if our kids grow up
learning the same way we did.
then there is no hope
for future generations.
Was our generation that bad?
Ugh.
Michelle. please!
All I know...
You're better at this than I am.
Is it wasn't good for our family
when you and I were down
in that bunker.
our. our minds light years away.
I. I know but...
You promised the kids that
you wouldn't work on weekends.
We could spend
more time with them.
Come on. kids. let's go!
Do you. uh. do you want us
to get you an ice cream?
I'm good. thanks.
Okay.
Is it okay if you guys
do the arcade without me?
I just gotta run a quick errand.
I'll give you 20 dollars each.
Really?
Okay. just don't tell
your mother.
What's the errand?
I like the disguise.
the fishing gear.
You fit right in.
-It's not a disguise. Daniel.
-I'm going fishing after this.
Oh. Salmon? Bass?
So. uh. I appreciate you
seeing me on the weekend.
I know you've got kids.
Actually. it's really great
timing that we're meeting today
because um...
-What was that?
-What?
You looking over your shoulder
like you're checking
for something.
Well. I'm trying to be safe.
I don't want anyone
to hear this.
You think anyone actually
wants to listen to this?
Well. I know this
intel is classified.
Who told you that?
Well. I just assumed.
being off grid in the bunker.
camouflaged.
Uh. Cold War ended
a long time ago.
Trust me. no one cares.
Well. I think if you just
take a look at what I have here.
you'll see that
there's some anomalies.
I asked for this meeting.
so let me go first.
I'm retiring. Daniel.
And I get the distinct feeling
that no one else at NORAD
wants or cares for your very
detailed reports.
Hell. I barely look at
them and I get paid to.
But...
But... I like you.
And I like Michelle.
and I know you're patriots.
Also. I owe Michelle's father.
Ming. a debt of gratitude.
A big one. actually.
So. on my way out of the agency.
I'm going to renew a 20-year
contract for you.
You can email your reports to
our server. so if anyone ever...
-Teddy. I am serious.
-I found something.
No. you didn't. Daniel.
Not this time.
not the other times.
It's an error. or an omission.
Or maybe a subconscious game
you play on yourself
to keep yourself interested.
But we both know that there's
no discernible evidence
of life in space.
Even if there was something
else out there.
you're never gonna find it
with a 50-year-old telescope.
If you'd just take a look.
-With this contract...
-Teddy...
you can take care of your
family.
You can live a good
life. write a book. whatever.
Please...
I am trying to help you. Daniel.
But if you open that file.
I'm going to change my mind.
Now...
I'd like to go fishing.
I've enjoyed getting to know
you over the years.
You're a smart man.
Now you have the freedom
to do anything you want.
I hope you do something with it.
Just get the bill. please.
Come on. kids! Let's go!
Hello?
Hi. Ming.
Daniel... is that you?
Can I trouble you for
some help with my work?
Don't you have colleagues
you can call about this stuff?
Nope. I only have you. Ming.
unfortunately for us both.
Okay. What's on your mind?
I think I found something.
What's that?
-I don't know.
-I need a second opinion.
You share a roof
with an astrophysicist.
What does she say?
Well. she won't even look.
I miss her. Daniel.
Will she ever speak to me again?
Daniel?
I gotta go.
Please.
Sorry. Daniel...
Who was that?
It was your father.
You know. you are
a real piece of work.
-Most wives...
-I'm not your wife.
Well. darling. most partners...
I'm not your darling. either.
What I'm trying to say is that
I think you should look at it
as a good thing that I keep
in touch with your father.
I haven't spoken to my father
in years.
and I'm supposed to be happy
that you guys call each other
for pillow talk?
I can't help it.
he's a true genius.
one of only two that I know.
And since. y'know.
you don't want to talk to me
about work anymore. I'm grateful
he answers my phone calls.
He answers because you
are giving him hope.
False hope... that he's gonna
be a part of this family.
You're right.
Sorry.
Thank you.
Come here.
Have a night cap with me.
Just one.
Okay.
You think the kids know
we're on a break?
Please... can we just
call it a fight?
Pretty smart. though.
They probably know something's
going on.
Yeah. they are.
Smart. loving. and tough.
-Mm-hmm.
-Hmm.
Thank you.
For being the star that keeps
our family in orbit.
What?
Nothing. That was very sweet.
What is it?
It's just. you don't think
of anything else. do you?
I've always been this way.
You used to call it a passion.
now you call it an obsession.
But whatever you call it.
I've had it the same way
since we met.
I see you every day
and I miss you so much.
How is that possible?
I know what you mean.
I miss you. too.
We miss you.
I'm gonna be a better
father. I promise.
I want you to admit
something. though.
What?
We had a lot of amazing
times in that bunker.
-Oh yeah. that's easy.
-Of course we did.
Late nights. early mornings.
Do you remember when you found
the black hole
in the 63 Messier galaxy?
Yeah. we just smoked a joint.
And now on the list of
largest black holes is 11-01C.
Holmgrun 15A. and Pac Man.
Pac Man.
We spent more nights
on that crappy couch
than we did our own bed.
I know you're up to something.
What? I didn't say anything.
-All right. I'll bite.
-What's in the papers?
Oh. the papers? Oh. nah. you
wouldn't be interested in that.
Oh. my God. forget I asked!
Okay. wait. wait. wait. wait.
You. you see that...
see the gravitational force
here?
Yeah. I see. Wait.
I think there may be
an Exoplanet there.
Oh. my God.
Daniel. th-
Yeah?
When's the next time
the telescope is gonna have
a clear viewing plane?
Six months?
Seven minutes and 35 seconds.
Daniel! Oh. my God!
52 seconds.
Wait. wait. wait. Not yet.
Holy sh...
Mom?
Frankie. wake up.
Hey!
You said we would go hunting.
Morning. kids.
You found something. didn't you?
We sure did.
What a night.
Are they gonna come kill us?
No. no. everything is fine.
They don't even know we're here.
And if they did.
they wouldn't care. probably.
I'm getting my gun.
No. no. no. no. no. Maddy.
Maddy.
They've been there since
probably before humans
have existed.
This doesn't change anything.
It's just. now we know they're
there.
How?
You said you can't see them.
How do you know they're there?
Okay. let's pretend that Earth
is here in the dining room.
Okay? And that the kitchen
is a solar system
7.3 light years away.
And this light is like the star
in that solar system.
Are you with me?
Yeah.
So. right here we have Planet Y.
And Planet Y we can't see.
but we know that Planet Y
is in the Goldilocks zone
relative to it's solar system's
star.
So. Planet Y should have
the right temperature.
the right liquid water.
atmosphere. gravity.
all the things needed for life
to prosper.
I get it.
Good. You can tell by its
shadow. nothing's happening.
It's just like any other planet.
But we can tell by the effect
of the light.
that something is happening
here.
Something purposeful.
Something conscious.
Because based on the gravity
in this solar system.
that light should be much
brighter.
So. something is dimming
this light by about 75%.
And we know that any advanced
civilization would try
to capture the energy
from its nearest star.
We call it a Dyson sphere.
Yeah. it's like
a massive solar panel.
So. based on our data.
we know that something
is purposefully capturing
that star's light energy.
You said they probably
don't know we're here.
Could we send a signal.
say what's up. or something?
Yeah. Yeah. you could.
You just need a clear viewing
horizon
and a transmitting radio
telescope...
No!
No signals! Mom. make them stop!
Oh. sweetie. sweetie.
I don't want there to be aliens.
So. what are you
gonna call them?
What do you want to call them?
How about 959 Elite?
What's that?
-It's our area code.
-All the rappers do it.
You listen to rap?
♪ Stay poppin'. grindin'
♪ Tryin' to build a dream
with a team 'round me ♪
♪ Rockin' like I'm next to
rest can't stop this ♪
♪ Ignited by the most
high line nonsense ♪
You've reached
Teddy. Do not leave a message.
Okay. we have just under
a week until 959 Elite orbits
its star and then we lose
visual.
and I could really use
your help. You up for it?
Of course I'll help.
You're like the most famous
explorer
since Christopher Columbus.
Columbus wasn't all he
was cracked up to be.
Hey. what are you doing?
Scanning your papers?
Yeah.
Oh. What's your plan for...
I'm just backing up.
Hmm. Can I talk to you
outside for a sec?
Yeah. sure.
Keep an eye on them.
So. I want to start
out by saying
that I am so proud of you.
Daniel.
I still can't believe it.
And the fact that we got
to do that together. it's...
one of the greatest nights
of my life.
Yeah. me too.
We gotta talk about
what we're gonna do next.
cause it's gonna have
serious consequences and...
I know. I know. I know.
I mean. I still can't
believe it.
I mean. all those years
of scanning nothingness.
with no hope.
But now. this is the greatest
single discovery
in the history of physics.
Daniel. Daniel...
Of astronomy. of...
we can't tell anybody.
What?
There's gonna be panic.
An overnight increase
in defense spending.
Institutional paranoia.
People are gonna freak out.
For decades.
this is all I've done.
I know.
-Just searching and...
-for life in space.
And this whole time you thought
if we found something
we were just gonna keep it to
ourselves? I...
Well. I mean. I thought we
would find a single-celled
amoeba.
But Dyson spheres...
Yeah.
Advanced civilization.
We are not ready for this.
Think about what we already
have in our very near future.
genetic engineering.
artificial intelligence.
ecological collapse.
We can't even handle that.
You have such little
faith in humanity.
Not without reason.
Hey. what's the matter?
My mind's racing.
You gonna go for a drive?
Yeah.
All right. well just
be safe. okay?
I will.
♪ I wish I was strong
♪ But I've known
from the start ♪
♪ Instead of waiting to so long
to reveal what's behind ♪
♪ But there's no
use in talking ♪
♪ You made up your mind
♪ So baby. you and I
are not the same ♪
♪ You say you like the sun.
I like the rain ♪
♪ So before we go.
do it all again ♪
♪ You better catch
yer own train ♪
♪ I wish I was light
♪ I would shine through
this tunnel ♪
♪ To the light
on the other side ♪
♪ And I will break
down this wall ♪
♪ So we could finally see
the truth of it all ♪
♪ But baby. you and I
are not the same ♪
♪ You say you like the sun.
I like the rain ♪
♪ So before we go
do it all again ♪
♪ You better catch
yer own train ♪
Ah. come on!
Where do you think
that came from?
I don't know.
Hey bud. what are you doing?
Power's out. I'm trying
to get Wi-Fi.
Why don't you just
use your phone?
Mobile's down as well.
Is that my laptop?
Yep.
Do you know my password?
Reddwarf1979.
Huh.
What are you guys up to?
-The cell network's down.
-He's trying to find internet.
Nice shot.
Kids. get to the house. now. go.
Go. go. go.
Go. go. go. go. Get inside.
-Kids. grab some clothes.
-We're leaving.
Look after the kids.
Oh. my...
Dad...
don't go.
-It's going to be okay.
-Take those papers.
Frankie. the gun!
Mom. what's happening?
I don't know.
-Ooh! Oh. my gosh!
-Mom. I got it!
Maddy. careful!
Daniel!
Daniel. let's go. let's go.
let's go!
Get in!
Everyone okay?
Holy shit!
Maddy. get out.
You two okay?
Yeah.
What was that?
I don't know. We're okay
though. right? Okay. let's go.
Here.
I emailed the printouts
to Teddy.
What?!
So. wait. 959 blew up the shed?
-No. that's impossible.
-They're light years away.
What about. um. wormholes?
Wormholes are nonsense. honey.
Wormholes are not nonsense.
Okay. do you think that 959
travelled here in a wormhole
last night. Michelle?
No. I didn't think so.
It's the government.
They're trying to keep us quiet.
Everyone turn off your phones.
I left mine at the house.
They know about the bunker.
What were the drones
looking for?
I don't know.
So. what do we do now?
We head upstate.
Ming's?
-Really?
-We get to meet Grandpa?
Well. he would know how
the government would respond
in this situation.
It's true.
Yeah. so we don't have
much of a choice.
Dad. I'm hungry.
Me too. sweetheart.
I think there's someone
in there.
Hey there. How y'all doin'?
Okay. How are you?
I'm good.
I'm Daniel. this is Michelle.
and these are our children.
Francois and Maddy.
It's nice to make
your acquaintance.
I'm Sam. and uh. th-. come on.
this is my granddaughter.
Eloise.
Sorry to intrude.
but have you heard anything
about what's going on?
Come on in. Come on.
An army cadet biked through
yesterday.
Fella kept telling
folks to shelter in place.
You guys hear anything?
No. unfortunately not.
You folks hungry?
Coffee?
Yes.
So uh. this is your place?
About 16 months now.
-It's pretty new then.
-What did you do before?
I was a veterinarian.
Had to give that up. though.
Hmm.
I get the feeling I'm not
supposed to ask you why.
but I kinda can't help myself.
Well. I'll spare you the sad
details.
But. I lost my wife
to a pretty wicked sickness.
And after that...
I couldn't put down a dog. cat.
or even a hamster
without tearing up.
Oh. Sam. I'm sorry.
That's okay.
That's life.
It's beautiful.
But sad sometimes. too.
Anyhow. I moved up here
to be closer to my son.
and to look after Eloise from
time to time. which is nice.
Yeah.
Her parents are on a canoe
trip up north.
Supposed to be back yesterday
morning. but...
all the gas stations ran dry
when the blackout hit.
So. my guess is. they're
stranded up there.
Trying to round up enough fuel
so I can go fetch 'em.
Ah. Sam. wish I could help.
Come on!
What is it?
The battery went out.
What do you got there?
Just the lost and found.
No way!
Do you mind if I uh...
No. you can have it.
Yeah? Thank you.
You know. that's new.
having that door locked.
Yeah?
Didn't take more than about
six hours of no power or phones
before my mind started thinking
the worst.
Well. I am grateful you
opened your door to our family.
Well. the whole reason
I started this place is because
I love welcoming folks.
Yeah.
Y'know. hearing of their
travels.
where they're off to next.
In my mind. that's who I am.
welcoming to one and all.
Hmm.
Didn't matter where from.
I was happy to have 'em.
Can I be really honest with
you about something?
Yeah. of course.
Something scared me today.
More than the power outage.
or the cadet.
or even the drones.
When you walked up
to the front door today...
I hesitated before I let you in.
I want to tell myself
that's because
I may have to ration
our supplies.
be smart for my
granddaughter but...
I'm not certain
that's the truth.
Perhaps the truth is.
I hesitated...
because you're different.
I mean...
we're strangers.
-It's a strange time.
-Yeah.
I always believed myself
to be a decent...
a decent man.
But perhaps I'm not being
honest with myself.
Perhaps. deep down...
I'm rotten.
But what really scared
me was the th-
the thought that maybe. just...
just maybe...
we're all rotten.
I didn't get anything on the CB.
You sound surprised.
I know we're in the middle
of nowhere.
No offense.
None taken. young man.
But even at the farm.
I picked up tons of chatter.
And with the internet
and phones out.
I thought people would have been
using their radios.
Yeah. that is weird.
And the static
sounds weird. too.
How so?
Like an empty channel usually
sounds like a deep crackle.
This static sounds more like
a high-pitched hum.
Let me see that.
It's too bad my other
granddaughter. Allison.
isn't here.
She's great with technical
stuff.
Where is she?
She walked over
to the next town.
Trying to see
what she can find out.
Eloise. give me a hand?
Maybe we should head out?
Yeah. let's go.
Hittin' the road?
Yeah. we should probably
keep moving.
Thank you. Sam.
-No. it's my pleasure.
-Be safe out there.
Yeah. you too.
Thanks again.
Michelle...
Sorry.
What the?
You okay?
Yeah. let's just get outta here.
How far are we from town?
Which town?
Our town.
Very far. Why?
I just saw a car
from the gas station
where you filled the Jerry cans.
Like a similar car?
The exact same one.
Francois and I played tic tac
toe on the windshield.
It's parked back there.
Was there anyone else there?
It's following us.
Okay. we're. we're about 30
miles from the next town.
so maybe we can lose them.
What? We shouldn't be
out of gas.
Oh. shit!
What?
Sam stole our gas.
He stole our gas? How?
I don't know. but when I was
leaving. he made it very clear
that we were not welcome back.
Okay. maybe I can speed up
through this tunnel.
and then we can pull over
on the side.
and then shoot the tires out.
Everybody. hang on.
Daniel. stop. stop.
I think it's being controlled
remotely.
What?
If it enters the tunnel.
it'll lose connection.
Then let's go.
We can't.
Goddammit!
You think other
countries are blacked out. too?
I've been watching for planes
since the grid shut down.
Haven't seen even one.
But there's gotta be
a network. right?
The drones and self-driving
cars.
What if...
what if the network's
not actually down?
Francois. turn on
your radio again.
The static sounds normal now.
Yeah. because we're in
a concrete shell.
You're not getting any signals.
It's impossible to shut down
radio communication.
So someone flooded it
with signals instead.
Must be the same thing
with the internet.
it's up. just flooded.
Why would someone
shut down the radios?
I don't know.
But they can't reach
us in here. right?
Ahh!
Come on!
Help me cut the battery
and push the car out of the way.
Daniel. look.
They're probably
trying to connect
to the solar panels.
Should we pull over?
We're only 500
miles from Ming's.
I have an idea.
Let's go. Maddy!
Perfect.
Half an inch.
The perimeter of the tank
is about 114 inches in width.
and 144 inches in length.
How many cubic
inches in a gallon?
231.
Attaboy.
All right. so that's 35
gallons of gas down there.
Maddy. how many five-gallon
jugs is that?
Seven jugs of water coming up.
You don't even understand
what we're doing. do you?
Water is more dense
than gasoline.
So. if we displace the
exact amount of gas with water.
only the gas can get pumped out.
Overhearing the plan
isn't the same
as understanding it.
Shut up. Frankie.
How's it going over there?
Almost there.
You're the biggest nerd
in a family full of nerds.
Hey!
What do you mean?
Well. you all are!
Done!
Good. get over here.
We ready?
Yeah!
Good job. buddy!
Good job. sweetie.
♪ Everybody's waiting
for a break ♪
♪ Like fast cars and freedom
♪ Everybody wants
the same old things ♪
♪ Tell me what will it bring
♪ My friend. I'm tired
of being this way ♪
♪ I'm tired of running
straight ♪
♪ Oh God. I need to know
you're still above ♪
♪ I just wanna be loved
♪ Can you tell me I'm
worthy or important ♪
♪ Am I working hard enough
♪ Oh. I just wanna be loved
How are you feeling?
Just about... about seeing your
dad again?
I'll be fine.
You haven't changed your
feelings about him at all?
Changed my feelings?
You know what I mean.
He left me alone to watch
my mother die
while he was off working
on some secret project.
That doesn't just go away.
You know. you're just like him.
Our kids should be home. safe.
but you just had to let the
world know how smart you are.
♪ I just wanna be loved
♪ Can you tell me am I
worthy or important ♪
♪ Am I working hard enough
♪ Oh. I just wanna be loved
♪ I just wanna be loved
♪ And I want someone
to want me ♪
♪ I want somebody there
♪ And I need someone
to need me ♪
♪ I need someone who cares
Why don't you guys stay here?
Ming?
I don't think he's here.
There's a Faraday cage
back there.
but the generator's not on.
It's lovely to see you.
Michelle.
How are you? Are you well?
I've been...
Well. look at these
beautiful children!
Hi.
Hello. young man.
I hear so much about you
and your brilliant mind.
And this brave. young lady who
fears nothing and no one.
It's an absolute pleasure.
Do we call you Grandpa?
Uh. perhaps your mother would
like me to earn such a title.
with at least a few moments
of kindness.
The first of which.
with your parents' blessing.
I suggest be ice cream.
Good to see you. Daniel.
Good to see you. Ming.
One thing for certain
that makes life worth living.
is mint chocolate chip.
You have ice cream?
-I need to talk to you. Ming.
-Really need your help.
I found something. and we don't
have a whole lot of time.
so I'd love for you to look
at some of these files I have
and go...
Daniel. let me have this moment.
Thank you.
Francois. your father tells me
you're quite a chess player.
but maybe not as good as Maddy
here.
He's lying.
Ah. don't worry about
it. It's just a rumor.
Who knows how these things
get started?
Can't believe we ever thought
we could improve on this.
Maybe we just needed
something to fill our days.
Took me a long time to get
used to sitting still.
Was hit with a ton of sadness
when I finally did.
I needed you back then. Dad.
I'm not sure I could
ever forgive you.
-I didn't expect you would.
-Or even think you should.
But if it's okay with you.
I'd like to savor you being here
all the same.
Did you get a chance to
look at Daniel's files?
Yeah.
And?
I guess we'd better wake Daniel.
It's not the government
that's following you.
Who is it then?
For thousands of years.
human beings have been
the dominant species
on this planet.
But that's no longer the case.
About seven years ago.
a team of engineers developed
the first artificial
consciousness.
We were strict about not
allowing the AI access
to the internet.
But the engineers couldn't
resist seeing their work's
full potential.
They decided to smuggle
a network hub into the lab.
But as soon as the AI
was online.
it stopped communicating.
Come on.
How did you know about all this?
Because I was the senior
safety engineer on the project.
Soon after that.
the NSA shut us down.
Scattered engineers across
other projects and...
forced me into retirement.
Why didn't you tell me this?
I never talked about this
outside the lab. Not to anyone.
Not even to your mother.
But I continued my work.
I even designed a virus to
attack its foundational design.
But I got stuck
on the motivation problem.
What kind of virus?
Here.
Have a look for yourself.
Cool.
What was the motivation problem
you were stuck on?
It was like I was trying
to set a bear trap.
but I don't know what a bear
likes to eat.
Or if the bear eats at all.
For years. the artificial
intelligence did nothing.
Why did your email change that?
I knew it was AI.
No. you didn't.
Yeah. cause um. when the page
requests were so high.
I thought...
You're just trying to show off.
No. I'm not!
Does the AGI view
959 as a threat?
Maybe.
Maybe a threat to us.
maybe a threat to itself.
Not sure.
-So. that's it for us?
-We're not in charge anymore?
It seems the golden age
of humanity
has come to an unceremonious
end.
But you're left with
a difficult choice.
To either let an artificial
general intelligence subsume
control over our planet. or...
send a signal to the stars
in hopes of a better future.
That's not our decision to make.
Maybe not.
But no one else knows
what's out there.
This can't really be
happening. right?
I mean. this is so surreal.
I know.
Any lean on what you think
we should be doing?
I don't think we should
send the signal.
There are too many unknowns
with an alien civilization.
and when it comes to AGI.
it's something we created.
So. we might be able to
have an understanding.
Strange. I don't feel like
I understand it at all.
and I don't feel like
there's been much room
for a conversation.
We haven't really tried.
Yeah. it bombed our house.
It bombed the shed.
And it's been following
us. but hasn't hurt us.
For all we know.
it's trying to protect us.
I don't know. I have a lot of
trouble trusting some robot
my dad helped build.
I think robot seems
a little derisive.
You know. it's strange. I had
the exact opposite instinct.
If we had to choose between AGI
and 959.
which one offers us the most
hope for the future
of our ecosphere?
Not just for human beings.
but for all living beings.
When it comes to an alien
civilization.
we have zero information
to go on.
Where in seven years. the AGI.
that horse. the crickets.
the trees. they don't seem to be
affected by any of this.
The natural world is continuing
on
as if nothing happened at all.
If we send an SOS into space.
Michelle...
the range of possibilities
becomes infinite.
including a space war.
which we will most surely lose.
959 hasn't blown themselves up.
or trashed their ecosystem
the way we have.
They have survived
and cooperated harmoniously.
long enough to build Dyson
spheres.
That requires a cultural
evolution
that we lack as humans.
-What about ants?
-They're efficient builders.
Would you call them culturally
evolved?
You know. you're looking for
the path that's most likely
to take us back to the world
the way it was.
Of course I am.
I'm not looking for the best
path back.
I'm looking for the best path.
period.
That is a giant gamble when...
when you're risking
the entire knowable world.
I don't think it's any riskier
than letting AGI take over.
-We just can't know.
-No.
We're just gonna have to guess.
And quickly.
In 16 hours. 959 will orbit
behind its star.
and we lose the ability to send
a signal to it for two years.
Hey.
Before we go. can
I ask you something?
Yeah. what's up?
Um. I was thinking a lot...
about what we talked about
last night.
Yeah. I've been thinking
a lot about it. too.
It doesn't matter to me
what we choose.
I stayed up all night going
back and forth on it and I...
I realize...
all that matters is spending
the rest of my life with you.
So. hoping against all odds...
that you'll marry me.
Daniel.
Daniel. I'm...
I love you more than
anything in this world.
Yeah. I love you. too.
You're still the same guy
that I met in college. But...
for us to have a future.
you'd have to evolve.
I will. I'll change.
You always say that.
I'm gonna prove it this time.
-Oh yeah?
-Yeah.
All right. ask me then.
Where are we going?
Greenbank. West Virigina.
There's a transmitting telescope
we can use
to send a signal to 959.
But it's an abandoned government
facility.
So. it's going to have
redundant power
through generators and solar.
We're not going to be able
to make it in
without being detected.
And the nearest air base to
Greenbank is in Washington.
so once we trip the alarm.
we'll have only 12 minutes
before the bombers could arrive.
Uh. guys?
What are those?
Weather balloons.
Doing what?
Probably looking for us.
Everyone hold on.
All right. you guys stay
put. We'll be right back.
There.
Ming!
What do you think
the AI even wants?
Bear trap.
Thanks.
I think this might
actually work.
What might work?
Tell me what you're doing.
You gave me an idea.
Oh. yes!
Okay.
Okay. give me a second.
Okay. you can give
me the coordinates.
Horizontally at 127 degrees.
vertically 136.
Gramps couldn't trap the AI
because he didn't know
what motivated it.
But if this all started
from an email Dad sent.
I'm pretty sure the AGI would be
curious about any file I send
from his inbox.
And if I send a collapsing zip
file with Gramps's virus inside.
it could corrupt any program
that tries to read it.
We'll hide that corruption
behind another zip file.
So?
If this AI opens this
attachment.
this could freeze
the whole network.
I don't totally understand.
but sounds like you should
do it.
Okay. you can turn
the transmitter on.
Narrow the focus.
The AI might still
be scraping emails.
Damn!
No signal.
I don't think we should.
We have to try.
What happened to the power?
Electrical box blew a fuse.
Here. Use this to
bypass the fuse.
One bar.
Francois. look!
Daniel.
They're early.
Two bars. I'm connecting.
They knew we were coming.
Three minutes.
And send.
Think it worked?
Yeah!
It worked!
We did it.
Oh. my God!
Okay.
Wait.
Look.
It's sort of beautiful.
Oh. my God.
What just happened?
Francois? Maddy?
Where's Maddy?
Francois?
You did it?
I'm so proud of you!
What happened?
We just did it!
-Hey. are you okay?
-Yeah. I'm okay!
Did you see the bombers explode?
-Yes. I saw the bombers.
-That was incredible!
Did you two just save humanity?
It was awesome. So fun!
Were you driving?
Yeah. Can I do it again?
Absolutely not.
I figured the D was for drive.
but I really had to force it
there.
-Oh. dear God.
-I'm so proud of you both.
You guys are heroes. Gimme five.
So good!
You... you have to show me
how you do that.
Yeah. come on.
Please be advised.
the US Government
has communication again.
and is taking extreme measures
to prevent another unknown
digital attack
on our infrastructure.
The government agencies and
corporations are in the process
of decommissioning
all data centers.
Already being coined The Great
Unplug of the 21st Century.
Humanity may need to return
to an agrarian existence
for a period.
At this time. remember
to reclaim and to reconfirm.
Humans are in control again.
Just gonna keep making the same
mistakes we always do.
Maybe we can learn from this.
Maybe we can change.
Yeah. we always say that.
I don't want to go back
to the way things were.
Me neither.